Replace exasol.ds.sandbox.lib.ansible by ansible-runner-wrapper (#506)
exasol/ai-lab: doc/changes/changes_5.0.1.md

# AI-Lab 5.0.1 released 2026-??-??

Code name: Ansible Runner Wrapper

## Summary

> This release integrates the ansible-runner wrapper into the sandbox setup flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release replaces the former ansible wrapper in the AI Lab by external dependency to `ansible-runner wrapper`.
```

## Refactorings

> * #504: Replaced exasol.ds.sandbox.lib.ansible by ansible-runner-wrapper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #504: Replaced `exasol.ds.sandbox.lib.ansible` by `ansible-runner-wrapper`.
```
